---
title: "Publications - Prof. Dr. Vagif S. Guliyev"
fullname: "V.S. Guliyev"
---

- **Conference Publications**
- **Books**
- **International Refereed Journal Publications**
- **Other Journal Publications**

## _Conference Publications_

1. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some aspects of harmonic analysis on the Laguerre hypergroup. II. Turkish World Mathematics Symposium, Sakarya University, July 04-07, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 62.
2. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some aspects of harmonic analysis on the Laguerre hypergroup. II. Turkish World  
   Mathematics Symposium, Sakarya University, July 04-07, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 62.
3. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and M. Omarova, The strong type estimates of fractional maximal  
   functions on the Laguerre hypergroup. II. Turkish World Mathematics Symposium, Sakarya University,  
   July 04-07, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 63.
4. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Yusuf Zeren, Norm inequalities for anisotropic sublinear operators.  
   II. TurkishWorld Mathematics Symposium, Sakarya University, July 04-07, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 67.
5. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.Serbetci, Z.V. Safarov, The boundedness of generalized fractional integrals  
   associated with the Laplace-Bessel differential operator. II. Turkish World Mathematics Symposium,  
   Sakarya University, July 04-07, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 147.
6. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, ZhijianWu, Strong type estimates and Carleson measures for weighted Besov spaces.  
   6 th ISAAC Congress, Ankara, Turkey, August 13-18, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 7.
7. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci and I. Ekincioglu, Boundedness of rough Bfractional integral  
   operators in Lorentz spaces. 6 th ISAAC Congress, Ankara, Turkey, August 13-18, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 80.
8. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, <i>L<sub>p<sub>1</sub>r<sub>1</sub></sub> \*...\* L<sub>p<sub>k</sub>r<sub>k</sub></sub></i> boundedness for rough multilinear fractional integrals.  
   6 th ISAAC Congress, Ankara, Turkey, August 13-18, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 81.
9. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.Serbetci, J.J. Hasanov, Boundedness of commutators of B-Riesz potentials  
   on <i>L<sub>p,y</sub></i> spaces. 6 th ISAAC Congress, Ankara, Turkey, August 13-18, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 81.
10. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and M. Omarova, On the boundedness of the maximal operators in Besov  
    spaces on the Laguerre hypergroup. XIII International konference of Mathematics, Baku,  
    November 20-23, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 63.
11. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.Serbetci, Z.V. Safarov, Nikolskii-Besov spaces associated with the Fourier-Bessel  
    transforms. XIII International konference of Mathematics,  
    Baku, November 20-23, <span class="year">2007</span>, pp. 64.
12. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the Riesz potential  
    in global Morrey-type spaces. III. Ankara Mathematic Gunleri Symposiumu, Ankara  
    University, Turkey, May 22-23, <span class="year">2008</span>, pp. 38.
13. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some problems of Harmonic Analysis on the Laguerre hypergroup.  
    International Conference "Differential Equations. Function Spaces.  
    Approximation Theory"dedicated to the 100th anniversary of the birthday of Sergei  
    L. Sobolev October 5-12, <span class="year">2008</span>, Novosibirsk, Russia.
14. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mammadov, On fractional maximal operator associated with the Dunkl  
    operator on R. Nakhchivan, konference, <span class="year">2008</span>, November 7-8.
15. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.S. Aliyev, Weighted Morrey a priori estimates for Poisson equation.  
    Nakhchivan conference, October, <span class="year">2009</span>.
16. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.S. Aliyev, Morrey a priori estimates for Poisson equation.  
    Baku State University conference, October, <span class="year">2009</span>.
17. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Boundedness of rough multilinear fractional integral operators in the Lorentz  
    spaces. III Turkish World Mathematics Symposium, Alma-Ata, 30 June – 05 July, <span class="year">2009</span>.
18. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Boundedness of the fractional maximal operator and fractional integral operators in general Morrey type spaces and some applications. 7th International ISAAC Congress, Imperial College London, July 13-18, <span class="year">2009</span>.
19. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, On the boundedness of the maximal operators in Besov spaces on the Laguerre hypergroup. XII International Conference on Mathematics and Mechanics, Baku, <span class="year">2009</span>, May 06-08.
20. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the anisotropic maximal operator in the local Morreytype spaces. XII International Conference on Mathematics and Mechanics, Baku, <span class="year">2009</span>, March 17-19.
21. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.Serbetci, Turhan Karaman, Weighted fractional Sobolev-Morrey spaces and pseudo-differential operators with smooth symbols. Ninth International School, Nonlinear Analysis, Function spaces and Applications, Trest, September 11-17, <span class="year">2010</span>.
22. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.Ch. Mustafayev, A. Serbetci, Stein-Weiss type inequalities for the fractional integral operators in Carnot groups and applications. Ninth International School, Nonlinear Analysis, Function spaces and Applications, Trest, September 11-17, <span class="year">2010</span>.
23. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J. Hasanov, Stefan Samko, Boundedness of the maximal, potential and singular operators in the generalized variable exponent Morrey spaces. Ninth International School, Nonlinear Analysis, Function spaces and Applications, Trest, September 11-17, <span class="year">2010</span>.
24. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the anisotropic fractional maximal operator in the local Morrey-type spaces. XIII International Conference on Mathematics and Mechanics, Baku, <span class="year">2010</span>, Yanuary 11-12.
25. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mammadov, Subelliptic estimates for Kohn-Laplace operator on weighted Besov spaces. Ninth International School, Nonlinear Analysis, Function spaces and XIII International Conference on Mathematics and Mechanics, Baku, <span class="year">2010</span>, Yanuary 11-12.
26. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Recent progress in studying boundedness of classical operators and commutators of real analysis in general Morrey-type spaces. International conference in honour of Professor Stefan Samko on the occasion of his 70th birthday . to be held in Aveiro, Portugal, from June 30 to July 2, <span class="year">2011</span>.
27. Ali Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, Boundedness of the anisotropic Riesz potential in anisotropic local Morrey-type spaces. International conference in honour of Professor Stefan Samko on the occasion of his 70-th birthday to be held in Aveiro, Portugal, from June 30 to July 2, <span class="year">2011</span>.
28. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Boundedness of classical operators and commutators of real analysis in generalized weighted Morrey spaces. Some applications. International conference in honour of Professor V.I. Burenkov on the occasion of his 70th birthday to be held in Kirsehir, Turkey, from May 20 to may 27, <span class="year">2011</span>, pp. 21.
29. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J.J. Hasanov, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the Riesz potential in modified Morrey spaces. International conference in honour of Professor V.I. Burenkov on the occasion of his 70-th birthday to be held in Kirsehir, Turkey, from May 20 to may 27, <span class="year">2011</span>, pp. 22.
30. Ali Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, Boundedness of the anisotropic fractional maximal operator from dual anisotropic Morrey-type spaces to anisotropic Morrey-type spaces. International conference in honour of Professor V.I. Burenkov on the occasion of his 70th birthday to be held in Kirsehir, Turkey, from May 20 to may 27, <span class="year">2011</span>, pp. 8.
31. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Intrinsic square functions and their commutators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Abstracts on International Conference On Actual Problems On Mathematics And Machanics (APMM <span class="year">2014</span>), Baku, Azeybaijan, may 15-16, <span class="year">2014</span>, pp. 144.
32. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, "Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the fractional integral operators in the lical Morrey-type spaces on Carnot groups", International Conference “Function spaces and the theory of approximation of functions” dedicated to the 110-th anniversary of academician S.M. Nikolskii, 25- 29 May, <span class="year">2015</span>, p. 27-28.
33. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, "Boundedness of the integral operators of harmonic analysis in local and global Morrey-type spaces on Carnot groups", 7-th International Conference on "Mathematical Analysis, Differential Equation & Their Applications MADEA-7", September 08-13, <span class="year">2015</span>, Baku - Azerbaijan, pp. 58.
34. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Ismayilova, "Multi-sublinear fractional maximal function and multilinear fractional integrals on generalized Morrey spaces", 7-th International Conference on "Mathematical Analysis, Differential Equation & Their Applications MADEA-7", September 08-13, <span class="year">2015</span>, Baku - Azerbaijan, pp. 59
35. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, Riesz potential and its commutator on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, 7-th International Conference on "Mathematical Analysis, Differential Equation & Their Applications MADEA-7", September 08-13, <span class="year">2015</span>, Baku - Azerbaijan, pp. 45.
36. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, “On the global regularity in generalized weighted morrey spaces of solutions to nondivergence elliptic equations”, VII Международная Научная Конференция «Функционально-дифферен-циальные уравнения и их приложения», посвященное 80-летию профессора Магомедова Г.А., Республика Дагестан, Махачкала, 21-24 сентября <span class="year">2015</span>.
37. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, M.N.Omarova, On the gradient estimates for parabolic equations in generalized weighted Morrey spaces, VII Международная Научная Конференция «Функционально-дифференциальные уравнения и их приложения», посвященное 80-летию профессора Магомедова Г.А., Республика Дагестан, Махачкала, 21-24 сентября <span class="year">2015</span> г.
38. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized Morrey regularity for parabolic equations with discontinuous data, 2nd International Conference on Analysis and its Applications, july 12-15, <span class="year">2016</span> Kırşehir/Turkey, pp. 33
39. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Parabolic oblique derivative problem with discontinuous coefficients in generalized weighted Morrey spaces, 2nd International Conference on Analysis and its Applications, july 12-15, <span class="year">2016</span> Kırşehir/Turkey, pp. 306
40. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y. Zeren, H. Armudcu, Boundedness of the Calderon-Zygmund singular integral operator and its commutators on modified Morrey spaces, 2nd International Conference on Analysis and its Applications, july 12-15, <span class="year">2016</span> Kırşehir/Turkey, pp. 145
41. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterizations for the Riesz potential and its commutators on generalized Orticz-Morrey spaces, Intern. Workshop on "Non-harmonic Analysis and Differential Operators", May 25-27, <span class="year">2016</span>, Baku, Azerbaijan, p. 38.
42. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterizations for the integral operators of harmonic analysis in generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces on Carnot groups, "Sobolev Readinds", İnternational School-Conference Novosibrsk, Russia, 18-22 December, pp. 58-59.
43. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized Morrey regularity for parabolic equations with discontinuous data, 2nd International Conference on Analysis and its Applications, July 12-15, <span class="year">2016</span> Kırşehir/Turkey, pp. 33
44. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Сharacterizations for the fractional maximal operator, riesz potential and their commutators on orlicz spaces, Modern Methods, Problems and Applications of Operator Theory and Harmonic Analysis VII, 23-28 April, <span class="year">2017</span>, p.21
45. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterizations for the Riesz potential and its commutators on Orlicz and generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, International conference “Operators in Morrey-type Spaces and Applications” during 10-13 July <span class="year">2017</span> in Ahi Evran University, Kirsehir, TURKEY is dedicated to 60th birthday of Professor Vagif S. GULIYEV, p. 24.
46. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterizations for the classical operators of harmonic analysis on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, VI Congress of the Turkic World Mathematical Society-TWMS-<span class="year">2017</span>, 2-5 Oktober, <span class="year">2017</span>, p. 187.
47. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterization of Lipschitz functions via the commutators of singular and fractional integral operators in Orlicz spaces, Modern Methods, Problems and Applications of Operator Theory and Harmonic Analysis VIII, 23-28 April, <span class="year">2018</span>, p.21.
48. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized Morrey regularity for parabolic equations with discontinuous data, Operators, Functions, and Systems of Mathematical Physics, 21-24 May, <span class="year">2018</span>, p.21

## _Books_

1.  <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Function spaces, Integral Operators and Two Weighted Inequalities on Homogeneous Groups. Some Applications, Casioglu, Baku, <span class="year">1999</span>, 332 pp. (in Russian)
2.  <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Integral operators, function spaces and questions of approximation on the Heisenberg group, Baku -"ELM", 1996, 199 рр. (Baku)

## _International Refereed Journal Publications_

1. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some classes of anisotropic integral operators and weighted embedding theorems in a domain with a nonsmooth boundary. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk SSSR 304 (<span class="year">1989</span>), no. 6, 1289--1293; Translation in Soviet Math. Dokl. 39 (<span class="year">1989</span>), no. 1, 199-203.
2. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, On the boundedness of singular integral operators on the Heisenberg group in weighted generalized-Holder and weighted Lp-spaces. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk SSSR 316 (<span class="year">1991</span>), no. 2, 270--278; translation in Soviet Math. Dokl. 43 (<span class="year">1991</span>), no. 1, 58-62.
3. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. I. Lizorkin, B and L-classes of harmonic and holomorphic functions in the disc, and classes of boundary values. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk SSSR 319 (<span class="year">1991</span>), no. 4, 806--810; translation in Soviet Math. Dokl. 44 (<span class="year">1992</span>), no. 1, 215-219.
4. P.I. Lizorkin, V.S. Guliev, Function spaces and problems of approximation on the Heisenberg group. (Russian) Trudy Mat. Inst. Steklov. 201 (<span class="year">1992</span>), Issled. po Teor. Differ. Funktsii Mnogikh Peremen. i ee Prilozh. 15, 245--272; translation in Proc. Steklov Inst. Math. <span class="year">1994</span>, no. 2 (201), 205-227.
5. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Embedding theorems for spaces of UMD-valued functions. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk 329 (<span class="year">1992</span>), no. 4, 408-410; translation in Russian Acad. Sci. Dokl. Math. 47 (<span class="year">1992</span>), no. 2, 274-277.
6. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. I. Lizorkin, Classes of holomorphic and harmonic functions in a polydisk in connection with their boundary values. (Russian) Trudy Mat. Inst. Steklov. 204 (<span class="year">1992</span>), Issled. po Teor. Differ. Funktsii Mnogikh Peremen. i ee Prilozh. 16, 137-159; translation in Proc. Steklov Inst. Math. <span class="year">1994</span>, no. 3 (204), 117-135.
7. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Two-weight inequalities for integral operators in L p-spaces and their applications. (Russian) Trudy Mat. Inst. Steklov. 204 (<span class="year">1992</span>), Issled. po Teor. Differ. Funktsii Mnogikh Peremen. i ee Prilozh. 16, 113--136; translation in Proc. Steklov Inst. Math. <span class="year">1994</span>, no. 3 (204), 97-116.
8. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Two-weighted Lp-inequalities for singular integral operators on Heisenberg groups. Georgian Math. J. 1 (<span class="year">1994</span>), no. 4, 367-376.
9. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Integral operators on function spaces on the homogeneous groups and on domains in Rn. Doctor’s dissertation, Moscow, Mat. Inst. Steklov, <span class="year">1994</span>, 1-329. (Russian)
10. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Embedding theorems for weighted Sobolev spaces of B-valued functions. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk 338 (<span class="year">1994</span>), no. 4, 440-443; translation in Russian Acad. Sci. Dokl. Math. 50 (<span class="year">1995</span>), no. 2, 264-268.
11. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Boundedness of singular integral operators on the Heisenberg group in weighted generalized Holder spaces. Analysis Mathematica 21 (<span class="year">1995</span>), no. 4, 245-268.
12. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. I. Lizorkin, Spaces of Banach-valued analytic and periodic functions. (Russian) Trudy Mat. Inst. Steklov. 210 (<span class="year">1995</span>), Teor. Funktsii i Differ. Uravn., 101-119.
13. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Multipliers of Fourier integrals and estimation of mixed derivatives for Banach-valued functions. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk 341 (<span class="year">1995</span>), no. 1, 7-9.
14. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Mustafaev, R. Ch. Integral operators of potential type in spaces of homogeneous type. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk 354 (<span class="year">1997</span>), no. 6, 730-732.
15. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, On the theory of multipliers of Fourier integrals for Banach-space-valued functions. (Russian) Tr. Mat. Inst. Steklova 214 (<span class="year">1997</span>), Issled. po Teor. Differ. Funkts. Mnogikh Perem. i ee Prilozh. 17, 164--181; translation in Proc. Steklov Inst. Math. 1996, no. 3 (214), 157-174.
16. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sobolev's theorem for Riesz B-potentials. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk 358 (1998), no. 4, 450-451.
17. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.Ch. Mustafaev, Fractional integrals in spaces of functions defined on spaces of homogeneous type. Analysis Mathematica 24 (1998), no. 3, 181-200.
18. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sobolev's theorem for the anisotropic Riesz-Bessel potential in Morrey-Bessel spaces. (Russian) Dokl. Akad. Nauk 367 (<span class="year">1999</span>), no. 2, 155-156.
19. **V.S.Guliev**, D.D.Gasanov, Some properties of anisotrop Riesz-Bessel-Fourier potentials. Vestnik Russian Peoples Friendship University, v. 6 (<span class="year">1999</span>), no. 1, 63-82.
20. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Spaces of Banach-valued holomorphic functions in the polydisk in connection with their boundary values. Finite or infinite dimensional complex analysis, Lecture Notes in Pure and Appl. Math., 214, <span class="year">2000</span>, 109-124.
21. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some properties of the anisotropic Riesz-Bessel potential. Analysis Mathematica 26 (<span class="year">2000</span>), no. 2, 99--118.
22. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, On maximal function and fractional integral, associated with the Bessel differential operator. Mathematical Inequalities and Applications 6 (<span class="year">2003</span>), no. 2, 317-330.
23. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some inequalities for integral operators, associated with the Bessel differential operator. Function spaces, differential operators and nonlinear analysis (Teistungen, <span class="year">2001</span>), 317--328, Birkhauser, Basel, <span class="year">2003</span>.
24. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Weighted effects of some integral operators and their applications. Progress in analysis, Vol. I, II, <span class="year">2003</span>, 31-36
25. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kh. Narimanov, Limits imbedding theorems on the anisotropic Sobolev-Bessel space. Progress in analysis, Vol. I, II, <span class="year">2003</span>, 37-43.
26. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. M. Najafov, The imbedding theorems on the Lizorkin-Triebel-Morrey type space. Progress in analysis, Vol. I, II, <span class="year">2003</span>, 23-30.
27. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. A. Bandaliev, Two-weight inequalities for integral operators in Lp-spaces of Banach space-valued functions and their applications. (Russian) Tr. Mat. Inst. Steklova 243 (<span class="year">2003</span>), Funkts. Prostran., Priblizh., Differ. Uravn., 194-212; translation in Proc. Steklov Inst. Math. <span class="year">2003</span>, no. 4 (243), 185-203.
28. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Zhijian Wu, Weighted holomorphic Besov spaces and their boundary values. Analysis in Theory and Application, 21:2, <span class="year">2005</span>, 143-156.
29. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. M. Mushtagov, Parabolic equations with VMO coefficients in weighted Lebesgue spaces. Proc. A. Razmadze Math. Inst. 137 (<span class="year">2005</span>), 1-27.
30. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Boundedness of generalized multilinear fractional integrals. Proceedings of A.Razmadze Mathematical Institute, Vol. 139 (<span class="year">2005</span>), 107-110.
31. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J.J. Hasanov, The Sobolev-Morrey type inequality for Riesz potentials, associated with the Laplace-Bessel differential operator.Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis, vol. 9 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 1, 17-32.
32. V.I. Burenkov, H.V. Guliyev and <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the fractional maximal operator in the local Morrey-type spaces. Doklady Ross. Akad. Nauk, 409(<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 4, 443-447.
33. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Miloud Assal, On maximal function on the Laguerre hypergroup. Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis, vol. 9 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 3, 307-318.
34. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Zeren Yusuf, Two-weight norm inequalities for some anisotropic sublinear operators. Turk J. Math., 30 (<span class="year">2006</span>), 329-350.
35. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J.J. Hasanov, The Sobolev-Morrey type inequality for Riesz potentials, associated with the Laplace-Bessel differential operator. Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis, 9 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 1, 1-15.
36. V.I. Burenkov, H.V. Guliyev and <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the fractional maximal operator in the local Morrey-type spaces. Doklady Ross. Akad. Nauk, 409(<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 4, 441-447.
37. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Miloud Assal, On maximal function on the Laguerre hypergroup. Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis, 9 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 3, 1-12.
38. V.I. Burenkov, H.V. Guliyev and <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the Riesz potential in the local Morrey-type spaces. Dokl. Ross Akad. Nauk, (412) <span class="year">2007</span>, no. 5, 585-589.
39. V.I. Burenkov, H.V. Guliyev and <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the fractional maximal operator in the local Morrey-type spaces. Journal of Computational and Applied Mathematics, 208 (<span class="year">2007</span>), no. 1, 280-301.
40. V.I. Burenkov, H.V. Guliyev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, On boundedness of the fractional maximal operator from complementary Morrey-type spaces to Morrey-type spaces. Contemporary Mathematics, 424, <span class="year">2007</span>, 17-32.
41. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E. Ibrahimov, Calderon reproducing formula associated with the Gegenbauer operator on the half-line. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 335 (<span class="year">2007</span>), no. 2, 1079-1094.
42. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Nazirova, A rearrangement estimate for the generalized multilinear fractional integrals. Siberian Mathematical Journal, (48) <span class="year">2007</span>, no. 3, 463-470.
43. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Şerbetçi and İ. Ekincioğlu,, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of rough B-fractional integral operators in the Lorentz spaces. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 336 (<span class="year">2007</span>), 425-437.
44. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci and I. Ekincioglu, On boundedness of the generalized B-potential integral operators. Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 18 (<span class="year">2007</span>), no. 11-12, 885-895.
45. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and M. Omarova, On fractional maximal function and fractional integral on the Laguerre hypergroup. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 340(<span class="year">2008</span>), Issue 2, 1058-1068.
46. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Nazirova, O'Neil inequality for multilinear convolutions and some applications. Integral Equations and Operator Theory, 60 (<span class="year">2008</span>), 4, 485-497.
47. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and E. Ibrahimov, Equivalent normings of spaces of functions associated with the generalized Gegenbauer shift. (Russian) Analysis Mathematica, 34 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 2, 83-103.
48. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and E. Ibrahimov, On estimating the approxi-mation of locally summable functions by Gegenbauer singular integrals. Georgian Mathematical Journal, 15(<span class="year">2008</span>), 2, 251-262.
49. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, N.N. Garakhanova, Y. Zeren, Pointwise and integral estimates for B-Riesz potentials in terms of B-maximal and B-fractional maximal functions. Siberian Mathematical Journal, 49 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 6, 1008-1022.
50. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci, And Z.V. Safarov, On the rearran-gement estimates and the boundedness of the generalized fractional integrals associated with the Laplace-Bessel differential operator. Acta Math. Hungar., 119 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 3, 201-217.
51. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci, And Z.V. Safarov, Inequality of O’Neil-type for convolutions associated with the Laplace-Bessel differential operator and applications. Math. Inequal. Appl., 11 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 1, 99-112.
52. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and M. Omarova, Integral characteristics of maximal functions on the Laguerre hypergroup. Proceedings of A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute, 146 (<span class="year">2008</span>), 45-55.
53. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J. Hasanov, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of B-Riesz potential in the B-Morrey spaces. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 347 (<span class="year">2008</span>), 113-122.
54. A.D. Gadjiev and <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, The Stein-Weiss type inequality for fractional integrals, associated with the Laplace-Bessel differential operator. Fractional Calculus and Applied Analysis, 11 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 1, 77-90.
55. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.Serbetci, Z.V. Safarov, Meda inequality for rearrangements of the B-convolutions and some applications. Journal of Mathematical Inequalities, 2 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 4, 437-447.
56. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and M. Omarova, (L p , L q ) boundedness of the fractional maximal operator on the Laguerre hypergroup. Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 19 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 9, 633-641.
57. V. I., Burenkov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T. V., Tararykova, A. Serbetci, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of genuine singular integral operators in local Morrey-type spaces. Doklady Mathematics, 78 (<span class="year">2008</span>), no. 2, 651–654.
58. V.S.Guliyev, N.N. Garakhanova, Sobolev-Ilyin theorem for B-Riesz potentials. Siberian Mathematical Journal, 50 (<span class="year">2009</span>), no. 1, 49-59. (Impact Factor - 0.296) (SCI-Expanded)
59. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M. Mammadov, On fractional maximal function and fractional integral associated with the Dunkl operator on the real line. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, <span class="year">2009</span>, vol. 353, Issue 1, 449-459. (Impact Factor - 1.233) (SCI-Core)
60. V.I. Burenkov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Necessary and sufficient conditions for boundedness of the Riesz potential in the local Morrey-type spaces, Potential Analysis, 30 (<span class="year">2009</span>), no. 3, 211-249. (Impact Factor - 1.048) (SCI-Core)
61. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Two-weight inequalities for singular integral operators satisfying a variant of Hormander condition. Journal of Function spaces and applications, vol. 7, <span class="year">2009</span>, no. 1, 43-59. (Impact Factor - 0.656)
62. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J. Hasanov, Y. Zeren, On limiting case for boundedness of the B-Riesz potential in the B-Morrey spaces. Analysis Mathematica, 35 (<span class="year">2009</span>), no. 2, 87-97. (Impact Factor - 0.290)
63. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci, E. Guner and S. Balci, Meda inequality for rearrangements of the convolution on the Heisenberg group and some applications. Journal of Inequalities and Applications, Volume <span class="year">2009</span> (<span class="year">2009</span>), Article ID 864191, 13 pages. (Impact Factor - 0.770)
64. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mamedov, Pointwise and integral estimates for the Riesz potentials associated with the Dunkl operator on the real line. Indian Journal of Mathematics, 51 (<span class="year">2009</span>), no. 2, 239-254. (Impact Factor - 0.206)
65. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, ZhijianWu, Strong type estimates and Carleson measures for weighted Besov-Lipschitz spaces. Proceedings ISAAC 07, Vol. I, <span class="year">2009</span>, 132-141.
66. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Boundedness of the maximal, potential and singular operators in the generalized Morrey spaces. Journal of Inequalities and Applications, Volume <span class="year">2009</span>, Article ID 503948, 20 pages doi:10.1155/<span class="year">2009</span>/503948.
67. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J. Hasanov, S. Samko, Boundedness of the maximal, potential and singular operators in the generalized variable exponent Morrey spaces. Mathematica Scandinavica, 197 (<span class="year">2010</span>), Issue 2, 285-304. (Impact Factor - 0.356)
68. V.I. Burenkov, A. Gogatishvili, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.Ch. Mustafayev, Boundedness of the fractional maximal operator in local Morrey-type spaces, Complex variables and elliptic equations, 55 (<span class="year">2010</span>), Issue 8 - 10, 739 - 758. (Impact Factor - 0.650)
69. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.Ch. Mustafayev, A. Serbetci, Stein-Weiss type inequalities for the fractional integral operators in Carnot groups and applications, Complex variables and elliptic equations, 55 (<span class="year">2010</span>), Issue 8 - 10, 847 - 863. (Impact Factor - 0.650)
70. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mammadov, (Lp,Lq) Boundedness of the fractional maximal operator associated with the Dunkl operator on the real line, Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 21 (8) <span class="year">2010</span>, 629-639.
71. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J.J. Hasanov, S.G. Samko, Boundedness of the maximal, potential type and singular operators in the generalized variable exponent Morrey spaces, Math. Sci. 170 (4) <span class="year">2010</span>, 423-443.
72. V.I. Burenkov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci, T.V. Tararykova, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of genuine singular integral operators in local Morrey-type spaces, Eurasian Mathematical Journal, vol. 1, no. 1 (<span class="year">2010</span>), 32-53.
73. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci, Ali Akbulut, Y.Y. Mammadov, Besov and Lizorkin-Triebel spaces for the multidimensional Fourier-Bessel transform, Eurasian Mathematical Journals, 2 (3) <span class="year">2011</span>, 42-66.
74. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.S. Aliyev, T. Karaman, Boundedness of commutator of sublinear operators generated by Calderon-Zygmund operators on generalized Morrey spaces, Abstract and Applied Analysis, vol. <span class="year">2011</span>, Art. ID 356041, 18 pp.
75. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J. Hasanov, Yusuf Zeren, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the Riesz potential in modified Morrey spaces, Journal of Mathematical Inequalities, 5 (4) <span class="year">2011</span>, 491-506.
76. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci and I. Ekincioglu, On the boundedness of the anisotropic potentials with rough kernels associated with the Laplace-Bessel diffeerential operator in the Lorentz spaces, Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 22 (12) <span class="year">2011</span>, 919-935.
77. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> and R. Mustafayev, Boundedness of the anisotropic maximal and anisotropic singular integral operators in generalized Morrey spaces, Acta Mathematica Sinica-English series, 27 (12), <span class="year">2011</span>, 2361-2370.
78. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.S. Aliyev, T. Karaman, P. Shukurov, Boundedness of sublinear operators and commutators on generalized Morrey spaces, Integral Equations and Operator Theory, 71 (3) (<span class="year">2011</span>), 327-355.
79. V.I. Burenkov, A. Gogatishvili, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.Ch. Mustafayev, Boundedness of the Riesz potential in local Morrey-type spaces, Potential Analysis, 35 (<span class="year">2011</span>), no. 1, 67-87.
80. A.D. Gadjiev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci and E. V. Guliyev, The Stein-Weiss type inequality for B-Riesz potentials, Journal of Mathematical Inequalities, 5 (<span class="year">2011</span>), no. 1, 87-106.
81. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K. Rahimova, Parabolic fractional maximal operator and modified parabolic Morrey spaces, Journal of Function Spaces and Applications, <span class="year">2012</span>, Article ID 543475, 20 pages, <span class="year">2012</span>. doi:10.1155/<span class="year">2012</span>/543475
82. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized weighted Morrey spaces and higher order commutators of sublinear operators, Eurasian Mathematical Journal, 3 (3) (<span class="year">2012</span>), 33-61.
83. A. Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. Mustafayev, On the boundedness of the maximal operator and singular integral operators in generalized Morrey spaces, Mathematica Bohemica, 137 (1) <span class="year">2012</span>, 27-43.
84. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.S. Aliyev, Boundedness of parametric Marcinkiewicz integral operator and their commutators on generalized Morrey spaces, Georgian Mathematical Journal, vol. 19 (<span class="year">2012</span>), 195-208.
85. V.S.Guliyev, Y.Y.Mammadov, Riesz potential on the Heisenberg group and modified Morrey spaces, Analele Stiintifice ale Universitatii Ovidius Constanta, Seria Matematica, 20 (1) <span class="year">2012</span>, 189-212.
86. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, N. Garakhanova, I. Ekincioglu, Pointwise and integral estimates for the fractional integrals on the Laguerre hypergroup, Mathematical Inequalities and Applications, 12 (3) <span class="year">2012</span>, 513-524.
87. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K. Rahimova, Parabolic fractional integral operator in modified parabolic Morrey spaces, Proc. Razmadze Mathematical Institute, vol. 163, <span class="year">2013</span>, 85-106.
88. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized local Morrey spaces and fractional integral operators with rough kernel, Journal of Mathematical Sciences, <span class="year">2013</span>, vol. 193, No. 2, 211-227.
89. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, Sh.A. Muradova, On boundedness of the anisotropic fractional maximal operator from anisotropic complementary Morrey-type spaces to anisotropic Morrey-type spaces, Eurasian Mathematical Journal 4 (1) <span class="year">2013</span>, 7-20.
90. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. Shukurov, On the boundedness of the fractional maximal operator, Riesz potential and their commutators in gene-ralized Morrey spaces, Advances in Harmonic Analysis and Operator Theory, The Stefan Samko Anniversary, Vol. 229, <span class="year">2013</span>, 175-194.
91. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, C. Aykol, A. Serbetci, O'Neil inequality for Hankel convolution operator and some applications, Eurasian Mathematical Journal, 4 (3) <span class="year">2013</span>, 8-19.
92. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Stefan Samko, Maximal, potential and singular operators in the generalized variable exponent Morrey spaces on unbounded sets, Journal of Mathematical Sciences, <span class="year">2013</span>, vol. 193, No. 2, 228-248.
93. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y. Sawano, Linear and sublinear operators on Generalized Morrey spaces with non-doubling measures, Publicationes Mathematicae Debrecen, vol. 83, <span class="year">2013</span>, no. 3, 303-327.
94. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, C. Aykol, A. Serbetci, Local Morrey-Lorentz spaces and the boundedness of maximal operator in these spaces, Journal of Inequalities and Applications <span class="year">2013</span>, <span class="year">2013</span>:346.
95. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, Y.Y. Mammadov, Boundedness of fractional maximal operator and their higher commutators in generalized Morrey space in Carnot groups, Acta Mathematica Scientia, <span class="year">2013</span>, 33 B (5): 1329-1346.
96. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mammadov, Boundedness of fractional maximal operators on generalized Morrey space in Heisenberg group, Indian Journal of Pure and Applied Mathematics, Volume 44, Issue 2, <span class="year">2013</span>, 185-202.
97. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, L. Softova, Global regularity in generalized weighted Morrey spaces of solutions to nondivergence elliptic equations with VMO coefficients, Potential Analysis, 38 (3) <span class="year">2013</span>, 843-862.
98. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Eroglu, Y.Y.Mammadov, Riesz potential on the Heisenberg group and generalized Morrey spaces, Journal of Mathematical Sciences, Vol. 189, No. 3, March, <span class="year">2013</span>, 365-382.
99. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J. Hasanov, S. Samko, Maximal, potential and singular operators in the local "complementary" variable exponent Morrey type spaces. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 401 (1) <span class="year">2013</span>, 72-84.
100. A. Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, Boundedness of the anisotropic Riesz potential in anisotropic local Morrey-type spaces. Complex variables and elliptic equations, 58 (02) <span class="year">2013</span>, 259-280.
101. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F.A. Isayev, The two-weighted inequalities for sublinear operators generated by B singular integrals in weighted Lebesgue spaces, Acta Applicandae Mathematicae, 127 (1), <span class="year">2013</span>, 1-16.
102. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F.Ch. Alizadeh, Multilinear commutators of Calderon-Zygmund operator on generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Journal of Function Spaces, Volume <span class="year">2014</span>, Article ID 710542, 9 pages.
103. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Multilinear commutators of vector valued intrinsic square functions on vector-valued generalized weighted Morrey spaces. Journal of Inequalities and Applications, <span class="year">2014</span>, <span class="year">2014</span>:258.
104. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, J.J. Hasanov, Ф-admissible singular operators and their commutators on vanishing generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Journal of Inequalities and Applications, <span class="year">2014</span>, <span class="year">2014</span>:143.
105. Y. Sawano, H. Tanaka, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, H. Gunawan, Morrey spaces and related function spaces. Journal of Function Spaces, Volume <span class="year">2014</span>, Article ID 867192, 2 pages (Impact Factor - 0.656) [2014/867192" > http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/<span class="year">2014</span>/867192](http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2014/867192)
106. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, On the Riesz potential and its commutators on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Journal of Function Spaces, Volume <span class="year">2014</span>, Article ID 617414, 11 pages.
107. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T. Karaman, A. Serbetci, Boundedness of sublinear operators generated by Calderon-Zygmund operators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces. Scienti c Annals of "Al.I. Cuza" University of Iasi, vol. LX, <span class="year">2014</span>, f.1, 227-244.
108. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, M. Dziri, Weighted norm inequalities for the g-Littlewood-Paley operators associated with Laplace-Bessel differential operators, Mathematical Inequalities and Applications, vol. 17, no. 1 (<span class="year">2014</span>), 317-333.
109. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T. Karaman, R.Ch.Mustafayev, A. Serbetci, Commutators of sublinear operators generated by Calderon-Zygmund operator on generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Czechoslovak Mathematical Journal, vol. 64 (139), No. 2, <span class="year">2014</span>, 365-386.
110. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, Stefan Samko, Boundedness of maximal and singular operators on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Operator Theory: Advances and Applications, Vol. 242, <span class="year">2014</span>, 139-158.
111. A.S. Balakishiyev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Gurbuz, A. Serbetci, Sublinear operators with rough kernel generated by Calderon-Zygmund operators and their commutators on generalized local Morrey spaces, Journal of Inequalities and Applications, (<span class="year">2015</span>) <span class="year">2015</span>:61.
112. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Stefan Samko, F. Deringoz, Boundedness of the maximal operator and its commutators on vanishing generalized Orlicz–Morrey spaces, Annales Academiæ Scientiarum Fennicæ Mathematica, 40 (2), (<span class="year">2015</span>), 535–549.
113. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, Boundedness of fractional maximal operator and its commutators on generalized Orlicz–Morrey spaces, Complex Anal. Oper. Theory, (<span class="year">2015</span>) 9:1249–1267.
114. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.F. Ismayilova, A. Kucukaslan, A. Serbetci, Generalized fractional integral operators on generalized local Morrey spaces. Journal of Function Spaces, (<span class="year">2015</span>), Article ID 594323, 8 pages.
115. V. Guliyev, A.S. Balakishiyev, Parabolic fractional maximal and integral operators with rough kernels in parabolic generalized Morrey spaces. Journal of Mathematical Inequalities, 9 (1) <span class="year">2015</span>, 257-276.
116. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Y. Sawano, Boundedness of intrinsic square functions and their commutators on generalized weighted Orlicz-Morrey spaces. Banach Journal of Mathematical Analysis, 9 (2), (<span class="year">2015</span>), 44-62.
117. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I. Ekincioglu, Sh.A. Nazirova, The boundedness of rough multilinear fractional integral operators in the Lorentz spaces. Journal of Inequalities and Applications, (<span class="year">2015</span>), <span class="year">2015</span>:71.
118. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, L. Softova, Generalized Morrey regularity for parabolic equations with discontinuity data. Proceedings of the Edinburgh Mathematical Society, 58 (1) (<span class="year">2015</span>), 199-218.
119. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, L. Softova, Generalized Morrey estimates for the gradient of divergence form parabolic operators with discontinuous coefficients, Journal of Differential Equations, 259 (6) (<span class="year">2015</span>), 2368-2387.
120. C. Aykol, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Gogatishvili, Characterization of associate spaces of generalized weighted weak-Lorentz spaces and embeddings, Studia Mathematica, 228 (3) <span class="year">2015</span>, 223-233.
121. C. Aykol, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kucukaslan, A. Serbetci, The boundedness of Hilbert transform in the local Morrey-Lorentz spaces, Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 27 (<span class="year">2016</span>), no. 4, 318-330. (Impact Factor-0.723)
122. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Parabolic oblique derivative problem with discontinuous coefficients in generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Open Matematics, 14 (<span class="year">2016</span>), 49-61. (Impact Factor 0.578)
123. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Corrigendum to: Parabolic oblique derivative problem with discontinuous coefficients in generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Open Matematics, 14 (<span class="year">2016</span>), 283-285. (Impact factor 0.578)
124. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, J.J. Hasanov, -admissible potential operators and their commutators on vanishing Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Collectanea Mathematica, 67 (<span class="year">2016</span>), no. 1, 133-153. (Impact Factor 0.843)
125. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S. Samko, Maximal operator in variable exponent generalized Morrey spaces on quasi-metric measure space, Mediterranean Journal of Mathematics, 13 (<span class="year">2016</span>), 1151-1165. (impact factor 0.656)
126. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh. Muradova, M.N. Omarova, L. Softova, Generalized weighted Morrey estimates for the gradient of divergence form parabolic operators with discontinuous coefficients, Acta Mathematica Sinica, 32 (8), <span class="year">2016</span>, 911–924. (impact factor 0.386)
127. R.A. Bandaliyev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I.G. Mamedov, A.B. Sadigov, The optimal control problem in the processes described by the Goursat problem for a hyperbolic equation in variable exponent Sobolev spaces with dominating mixed derivatives, Journal of Computational and Applied Mathematics, 305 (<span class="year">2016</span>), 11-17. (Impact Factor 1.266)
128. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, V.H. Hamzayev, Rough singular integral operators and its commutators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Mathematical Inequalities and Applications, 19 (3) (<span class="year">2016</span>), 863–881. (Impact Factor 0.645)
129. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, Y. Sawano, T. Noi, Nonsmooth atomic decomposi-tions for generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces of the third kind, Acta ApplicandaeMathematicae, 145 (1) (<span class="year">2016</span>), 133-174. (Impact Factor 0.853)
130. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, C. Aykol, A. Kucukaslan, A. Serbetci, Maximal operator and Cal-deron-Zygmund operators in local Morrey-Lorentz spaces, Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 27 (11) (<span class="year">2016</span>), 866-877. (Impact Factor-0.723)
131. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, S.G. Hasanov, Characterizations for the Riesz potential and its commutators on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Journal of Inequalities and Applications, (<span class="year">2016</span>) <span class="year">2016</span>:248 (Impact factor 0.630)
132. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, V.H. Hamzayev, O. Kuzu, Commutators of Marcinkiewicz integrals associated with Schrödinger operator on generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Journal of Mathematical, Inequalities, 10(4) (<span class="year">2016</span>), 947–970 (Impact factor 0.632)
133. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T.S. Gadjiev, Sh. Galandarova, Dirichlet boundary value problems for uniformly elliptic equations in modified local generalizedSobolev-Morrey spaces. Electronic Journal of Qualitative Theory of Differential Equations, <span class="year">2017</span>, No. 67, 1-18. (impact factor 0.926) Q1
134. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, A. Ragusa, Intrinsic square functions on vanishing generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces. Set-Valued and Variational Analysis, 25 (<span class="year">2017</span>), no. 4, 807-828. (impact factor 0.973) Q2
135. F. Deringoz, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, A characterization for Adams type boundedness of the fractional maximal operator on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 28 (4) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 284-299 (impact factor 0.873) Q2
136. A. Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Marcinkiewicz integrals associated with Schrödinger operators and their commutators on vanishing generalized Morrey spaces. Boundary Value Problems, (<span class="year">2017</span>) <span class="year">2017</span>:121. (impact factor 0.819) Q2
137. F. Deringoz, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, Riesz potential and its commutators on Orlicz spaces. Journal of Inequalities and Applications, (<span class="year">2017</span>) <span class="year">2017</span>:75, 18 pp. (impact factor 0.791) Q2
138. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, Y. Sawano, Decompositions of local Morrey type spaces. Positivity, 21 (3) <span class="year">2017</span>, 1223-1252. (impact factor 0.661) Q2
139. A. Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y. Sawano, T. Noi, Generalized Morrey spaces–revisited. Zeitschrift für Analysis und ihre Anwendungen, 36 (1) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 17-35. (impact factor 0.643) Q3
140. A. Akbulut, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y. Sawano, T. Noi, Generalized Hardy –Morrey spaces. Zeitschrift für Analysis und ihre Anwendungen, 36 (2) <span class="year">2017</span>, 129-149. (impact factor 0.643) Q3
141. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K. Koca, R.Ch. Mustafayev, T. Unver, Norm estimates of operators arising from Schwarz BVP in local Morrey-type spaces. Complex variables and elliptic equations, 62 (10) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 1541-1557. (impact factor 0.616) Q3
142. A. Eroglu, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, C.V. Azizov, Characterizations for the fractional integral operators in generalized Morrey spaces on Carnot groups. Mathematical Notes, 102 (5) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 127-139. (impact factor 0.425) Q3
143. F. Deringoz, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S. Samko, Vanishing generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces and fractional maximal operator. Publicationes Mathematicae Debrecen, 90 (1-2) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 125-147. (impact factor 0.431) Q4
144. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K. Koca, R.Ch. Mustafayev, T. Unver, Norm estimates of a class of operators arising from Schwarz BVP in complementary local Morrey-type spaces on the unit disc. Journal of Mathematical Analysis, 8 (1) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 130-142. Scopus
145. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E.J. Ibrahimov, S.Ar. Jafarova, Gegenbauer harmonic analysis and approximation of functions on the half line. Advances in Analysis, 2 (3) (<span class="year">2017</span>), 167-195.
146. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Ghorbanalizadeh, Y. Sawano, Approximation by trigonometric polynomials in variable exponent Morrey spaces, Analysis and Mathematical Physics, <span class="year">2017</span>, 1-22. (impact factor 0.632) Q3
147. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, M.A. Ragusa and A. Scapellato, Commutators and generalized local Morrey spaces, Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 457 (2) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 1388-1402. (impact factor 1.138) Q1
148. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J.J. Hasanov, X.A. Badalov, Maximal and singular integral operators and their commutators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces with variable exponent. Mathematical Inequalities and Applications, 21 (1) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 41-61. (impact factor 0.649) Q3
149. F. Deringoz, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, Commutators of fractional maximal operator on generalized Orlicz–Morrey spaces. Positivity, 22 (1) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 141-158. (impact factor 0.920) Q2
150. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.V. Guliyev, M.N. Omarova, Riesz transforms associated with Schrödinger operator on vanishing generalized Morrey spaces. Applied and Computational Mathematics, 17 (1) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 56-71. (impact factor 2.365) Q1
151. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, Commutator of fractional integral with Lipschitz functions associated with Schrödinger operator on local generalized Morrey spaces. Boundary Value Problems, <span class="year">2018</span>, <span class="year">2018</span>:80, 1-14. (impact factor 1.156) Q1
152. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, F.M. Namazov, Morrey type estimates for commutator of fractional integral associated with Schrodinger operators on the Heisenberg group, Advances in Di erence Equations, \***\*2018\*\***, <span class="year">2018</span>:260, 1-20. (impact factor 1.066) Q1
153. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, Some characterizatios of Lipschitz spaces via commutators on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Mediterranean Journal of Mathematics (<span class="year">2018</span>) 15:180, 1-19. (impact factor 1.000) Q1
154. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.A. Ahmadli, M.N. Omarova, L.G. Softova, Global regularity in Orlicz-Morrey spaces of solutions to nondivergence elliptic equations with VMO coefficients. Electron. J. Differential Equations, Vol. <span class="year">2018</span> (<span class="year">2018</span>), No. 110, pp. 1-24. (impact factor 0.944) Q2
155. R.A. Bandaliyev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, Two-weighted inequalities for Riesz potential in p-convex weighted modular Banach function space. Ukrainian Mathematical Journal, 69 (11) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 1673-1688. (impact factor 0.343) Q4
156. F. Deringoz, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Hasanov, Maximal operator and its commutators on generalized weighted Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Tokyo Journal of Mathematics, 41 (2) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 347-369. (impact factor 0.242) Q4
157. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E. Ibrahimov, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the Gegenbauer-Riesz potential on Morrey spaces, Georgian Mathematical Journal, 25 (<span class="year">2018</span>), no. 2, 235-248. (impact factor 0.482) Q4
158. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, S.G. Hasanov, Commutators of fractional maximal operator on Orlicz spaces, Mathematical Notes, 104 (4) (<span class="year">2018</span>), 498-507. (impact factor 0.577) Q3
159. R.A. Bandaliyev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I.G. Mamedov, Y.I. Rustamov, Optimal control problem for Bianchi equation in variable exponent Sobolev spaces, Journal of Optimization Theory and Applications (JOTA), 180 (1) <span class="year">2019</span>, 303-320. (impact factor 1.234) Q2
160. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, S.G. Hasanov, Fractional maximal function and its commutators on Orlicz spaces, Analysis and Mathematical Physics, 9 (1) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 165-179. (impact factor 1.381) Q1
161. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I. Ekincioglu, E. Kaya, Z. Safarov, Characterizations for the fractional maximal operator and its commutators in generalized Morrey spaces on Carnot groups, Integral Transforms and Special Functions, 30 (6) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 453-470. (impact factor 0.828) Q2
162. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, J.J. Hasanov, X.A. Badalov, Commutators of Riesz potential in the vanishing generalized weighted Morrey spaces with variable exponent, Mathematical Inequalities and Applications, 22 (1) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 331-351. (impact factor 0.649) Q3
163. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E. Ibrahimov, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the Gegenbauer potential, Mat. Zametki 105 (5) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 681-691; translation in Mathematical Notes 105 (5) (2019), 37-46 (impact factor 0.577) Q3
164. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Ghorbanalizadeh, Y. Sawano, Approximation by trigonometric polynomials in variable exponent Morrey spaces, Analysis and Mathematical Physics, 9 (2) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 1-22. (impact factor 1.381) Q1
165. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, A characterization for fractional integral and its commutators in Orlicz and generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces on spaces of homogeneous type, accepted in Analysis and Mathematical Physics, 9 (3) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 1-29. (impact factor 1.381) Q1
166. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, E. Nakai, Y. Sawano, M. Shi, Generalized fractional maximal and integral operators on Orlicz and generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces of the third kind, Positivity <span class="year">2019</span>, 1-33. (impact factor 0.661) Q2
167. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kucukaslan, C. Aykol, A. Serbetci, Riesz potential in the local Morrey-Lorentz spaces and some applications, Georgian Mathematical Journal, 26 (<span class="year">2019</span>), no. X, 1-11. (impact factor 0.482) Q4
168. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Akbulut, S. Celik, M.N. Omarova, Higher order Riesz transforms related to Schrodinger type operator on local generalized Morrey spaces, TWMS Jour. Pure Appl. Math., 9 (2) (<span class="year">2019</span>), 1-18.
169. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E. Ibrahimov, Necessary and sufficient conditions for the boundedness of the Gegenbauer-Riesz potential in modified Morrey spaces, Transactions of A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute, <span class="year">2019</span>, 1-15.
170. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Eroglu, G.A. Abasova, Characterization of parabolic fractional maximal function and its commutators in Orlicz spaces Springer Proceedings in Mathematics and Statistics : Modern Methods, Problems and Applications of Operator Theory and Harmonic Analysis, vol. 291 <span class="year">(2019)</span>, 35-49. **(WoS, ESCI)**
171. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Eroglu, G.A. Abasova, Characterization of parabolic fractional integral and its commutators in parabolic generalized OrliczMorrey spaces, Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics 9 (1) <span class="year">(2019)</span>, 92-107. **(WoS, ESCI)**
172. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T.S. Gadjiev, A. Serbetçi, Regularity of solutions higher order elliptic equations in weighted generalized Morrey spaces, Nonlinear studies, Vol.26, No.4, pp.831-842, <span class="year">(2019)</span>. **(WoS, ESCI)**
173. R.A. Bandaliyev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Embedding theorems between variable exponent Morrey spaces, Mathematical Notes 106 (4) <span class="year">(2019)</span>, 488-500. **(WoS, ESCI)**
174. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I. Ekincioglu, A.A. Ahmadli, M.N. Omarova, Global regularity in Orlicz-Morrey spaces of solutions to parabolic equations with VMO coefficients, Journal of Pseudo-Differential Operators and Applications 11 (4) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 1963-1989. **(WoS, IF-0.532) Q4**
175. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.V. Guliyev, M.N. Omarova, M.A. Ragusa, Schrödinger type operators on local generalized Morrey spaces related to certain nonnegative potentials, Discrete and Continuous Dynamical Systems-Series B, 25 (2) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 671-690. **(WoS, IF-1.270) Q2**
176. T.S. Gadjiev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K.G. Suleymanova, The Dirichlet problem for the uniformly elliptic equation in generalized weighted Morrey spaces, Studia Scientiarum Mathematicarum Hungarica 57 (1) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 68-90. **(WoS, IF-0.468) Q4**
177. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Ahmadli, S.E. Ekincioglu, Oscillatory integrals with variable Calderón-Zygmund kernel on vanishing generalized Morrey spaces, Tbilisi Math. J. 13 <span class="year">(2020)</span>, no. 1, 69–82. **(WoS, ESCI)**
178. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, H. Armutcu, T. Azeroglu, Characterizations for the potential operators on Carleson curves in local generalized Morrey spaces, Open Mathematics 18 (1) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 1317-1331. **(WoS, IF-0.773) Q3**
179. I. Ekincioglu, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Esra Kaya, -Maximal operator and -singular integral operators on variable exponent Lebesgue spaces, Math. Slovaca 70(4) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 893-902. **(WoS, IF-0.654) Q3**
180. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kucukaslan, C. Aykol, A. Serbetci, Riesz potential in the local Morrey–Lorentz spaces and some applications, Georgian Math. J. 27 <span class="year">(2020)</span>, no. 4, 557–567. **(WoS, IF-0.500) Q4**
181. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mammadov, F.A. Muslumova, Boundedness Characterization of Maximal Commutators on Orlicz Spaces in the Dunkl Setting, J. Math. Study, 53 (1) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 45-65.**(WoS, ESCI)**
182. A. Eroglu, G.A. Abasova, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Spanne type characterization of parabolic fractional maximal function and its commutators in parabolic generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Springer Proceedings in Mathematics and Statistics: (Vol.1) Operator Theory and Harmonic Analysis. Vol. 1: New General Trends and Advances of the Theory, <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 35-49. **(Wos, ESCI)**
183. A. Akbulut, V.I.Burenkov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Anisotropic fractional maximal commutators with BMO functions on anisotropic Morrey-type spaces, Trans. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 40 (4), Mathematics, 13-32 <span class="year">(2020)</span>, **(SCOPUS)**
184. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E.J. Ibrahimov, S.E. Ekincioglu, S.Ar. Jafarova, O’Neil inequality for convolutions associated with Gegenbauer differential operator and some applications, J. Math. Study, 53 (1) <span class="year">(2020)</span>, 90-124. **(WoS, ESCI)**
185. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized Sobolev–Morrey estimates for hypoelliptic operators on homogeneous groups, Revista de la Real Academia de Ciencias Exactas, Físicas y Naturales. Serie A. Matemáticas, 115 (2) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, Paper No. 69, 23 pp. **(impact factor 2.169) Q1**
186. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, M.N. Ragusa, A. Scapellato, Regularity of solutions of elliptic equations in divergence form in modified local generalized Morrey spaces, Analysis and Mathematical Physics, 11 (2) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, Paper No. 13, 20 pp. **(IF-1.548) Q1**
187. F. Deringoz, K. Dorak, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A characterization for fractional maximal operator and its commutators in Orlicz and generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces on spaces of homogeneous type, Analysis and Mathematical Physics, 11 (2) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, Paper No. 63, 30 pp. **(IF-1.548) Q1**
188. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.F. Ismayilova, Calderon-Zygmund operators with kernels of Dini's type and their multilinear commutators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces. TWMS J. Pure Appl. Math. 12(2) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 265–277. **IF-1.892**  Q1
189. R.A. Bandaliyev, P.Gorka, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y. Sawano, Relatively compact sets in variable exponent Morrey spaces on metric spaces. Mediterranean Journal of Mathematics 18 (6) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 232, 24 pp. **IF-1.400** Q2
190. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I. Ekincioglu, Characterizations for the fractional integral operator and its commutators in generalized weighted Morrey spaces on Carnot groups, Journal of Mathematical Inequalities, 15 (1) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 151-171. **IF-1.225** Q2
191. T.S. Gadjiev, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Nonlinear elliptic equations with BMO coefficients in nonsmooth domain in generalized Morrey spaces. Journal of Mathematical Inequalities 15(2) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 491-509. **IF-1.225** Q2
192. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Calderon-Zygmund operators with kernels of Dini's type on generalized weighted variable exponent Morrey spaces. Positivity 25(5) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 1-20. **IF-1.030** Q2
193. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Commutators of the fractional maximal function in generalized Morrey spaces on Carnot groups. Complex Variables and Elliptic Equations 66 (6-7) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 893-909. **IF-0.846** Q3
194. V.I. Burenkov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T.V. Tararykova, Comparison Morrey spaces and Nikol'skii spaces, Eurasian Mathematical Journal, 12 (1) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 9-20. **(Wos, ESCI)**
195. Gadjiev, T. S.; **Guliyev, V. S.**; Ibrahimov, E. J. An initial-boundary value problem for systems of linear partial differential equations with a differential operator of Gegenbauer type. Trans. A. Razmadze Math. Inst. 175 <span class="year">(2021)</span>, no. 3, 1–9. **(Wos, ESCI)**
196. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.F. Ismayilova, Calderon-Zygmund operators with kernels of Dini's type and their multilinear commutators on generalized variable exponent Morrey spaces. Proceedings of the Institute of Mathematics and Mechanics 47(2) <span class="year">(2021)</span>, 1–15. **(Wos, ESCI)**
197. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Eroglu, G.A. Abasova, Spanne type characterization of parabolic fractional maximal function and its commutators in parabolic generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces. Vol. 1, Operator Theory and Harmonic Analysis, 161–178, Springer Proc. Math. Stat., 357, Springer, <span class="year">(2021)</span>, **WOS**
198. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.G. Samko, Commutator of fractional maximal operator in variable Lebesgue spaces over quasi-metric measure spaces, Mathematical Methods in the Applied Sciences <span class="year">(2022)</span>, 1-17. **(IF-2.057)** Q1
199. A. Eroglu, G.A. Abasova, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Parabolic fractional maximal commutators with BMO function on Orlicz spaces, TWMS Jour. Pure Appl. Math. 12 (2) <span class="year">(2022)</span>, 1-14. **(IF-1.892)** Q1
200. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Generalized weighted Sobolev-Morrey estimates for hypoelliptic operators with drift on homogeneous groups, Journal of Mathematical Inequalities 16 <span class="year">(2022)</span>, no. 1, 219-245. **(IF-1.225)** Q2
201. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y. Sawano, A note on the paper "Singular integral operators in generalized Morrey spaces on curves in the complex plane", Journal of Mathematical Inequalities 16 <span class="year">(2022)</span>, no. 1, 345-346. **(IF-1.225)** Q2
202. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Estimates for operators on generalized weighted Orlicz-Morrey spaces and their applications to non-divergence elliptic equations, Positivity 26 (2) <span class="year">(2022)</span>, Paper No. 40, 27 pp. **(IF-1.030)** Q2
203. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some characterizations of BMO spaces via commutators in Orlicz spaces on stratified Lie groups, Results in Mathematics 77 (1) <span class="year">(2022)</span>, Paper No. 42. **(IF-1.199)** Q2
204. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F. Deringoz, Riesz potential and its commuta-tors on generalized weighted Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Mathematische Nachrichten 295 (4) <span class="year">(2022)</span>, 706-724. **(IF-1.228)** Q2
205. I. Ekincioglu, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, E.L. Shishkina, Fractional weighted spherical mean and maximal inequality for the weighted spherical mean and its application to singular PDE , J. Math. Sci. (N.Y.) 266 <span class="year">(2022)</span>, 744-764. [https://doi.org/10.1007/s10958-022-06099-x](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10958-022-06099-x) **(Wos, ESCI)**
206. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F.A. Isayev, A. Serbetci, Commutators of multilinear Calderon-Zygmund operators with kernels of Dini's type on generalized local Morrey spaces, Trans. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 42 <span class="year">(2022)</span>, no. 4, Mathematics, 46-64. **(Scopus)**
207. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, M.A.Ragusa, Characterizations for the genuine Calder\\'{o}n-Zygmund operators and commutators on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Advances in Nonlinear Analysis 12 <span class="year">(2023)</span>, no. 1, anona 2022-0307. **(IF-4.200)** Q1
208. F. Deringoz, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, M.A.Ragusa, Calderón–Zygmund operators and their commutators on generalized weighted Orlicz–Morrey spaces, Bull. Math. Sci. 13 <span class="year">(2023)</span>, no. 1, Paper No. 2250004, 26 pp. **(IF-1.485)** Q1
209. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterizations of Lipschitz functions via the commutators of maximal function in Orlicz spaces on stratified Lie groups, Math. Inequal. Appl. 26 <span class="year">(2023)</span>, no. 2, 447–464. **(IF-1.000)** Q2
210. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Commutators of multilinear Calderón-Zygmund operators with kernels of Dini's type on generalized weighted Morrey spaces and applications. Positivity 27 <span class="year">(2023)</span>, no. 1, Paper No. 13, 29 pp. **(IF-1.100)** Q2
211. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kucukaslan, V.S. Guliyev, C. Aykol, A. Serbetci, Maximal and Calderón–Zygmund operators on the local variable Morrey–Lorentz spaces and some applications, Applicable Analysis, 102 <span class="year">(2023)</span>, no. 2, 406–415. **(IF-1.100)** Q3
212. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Some characterizations of BMO spaces via commutators of fractional maximal operator in Orlicz spaces over spaces of homogeneous type, Trans. A. Razmadze Math. Inst. 177 <span class="year">(2023)</span>, no. 2, 205-216. **(Wos, ESCI)**
213. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S. Samko, S. Umarkhadzhiev, Grand Lebesgue spaces on quasi-metric measure spaces of infinite measure, J. Math. Sci. (N.Y.) <span class="year">(2023)</span>, **(Wos, ESCI)**  
     [https://doi.org/10.1007/s10958-023-06578-9](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10958-023-06578-9)
214. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Kocakuşaklı, C.A., Küçükaslan, A., Şerbetçi, A. <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Fractional maximal operator in the local Morrey–Lorentz spaces and some applications", Afrika Matematika, 35 (4) pp. 1-11 \[Scopus\] [https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13370-023-01145-6](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13370-023-01145-6)
215. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Eroğlu, A., Abasova, G.A. <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Parabolic Fractional Maximal Commutators with BMO Function on Orlicz Spaces", TWMS Journal of Pure and Applied Mathematics, 15 (1) pp. 3-14 \[SCI Expanded\]
216. Deringoz, F., <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Nakai, E., Sawano, Y., Shi, M. <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Erratum to: Generalized fractional maximal and integral operators on Orlicz and generalized Orlicz--Morrey spaces of the third kind", Positivity, 28 (3)
217. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Characterizations of Lipschitz functions via the commutators of maximal function in total Morrey spaces", Mathematical Methods in the Applied Sciences, 47 (11) pp. 8669-8682  
     [https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/mma.10038](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/mma.10038)
218. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F.A. Isayev, A. Serbetci, <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Boundedness of the anisotropic fractional maximal operator in total anisotropic Morrey spaces", Trans. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci., Mathematics, 44 (1) pp. 41-50
219. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Serbetci, <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Generalized local Morrey regularity of elliptic systems", SOCAR Proceedings, 24 (0) pp. 131-136 \[ESCI\]
220. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, I. Ekincioglu, A. Serbetci, <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Weighted Sobolev-Morrey Regularity of Solutions to Variational Inequalities", Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, 14 (1) pp. 94-108 \[ESCI\]
221. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Characterizations for the fractional maximal operator and its commutators on total Morrey spaces", Positivty, 28 (42) \[Scopus\]
222. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, <span class="year">(2024)</span> "Generalized Holder estimates via generalized Morrey norms for some ultraparabolic operators", Analysis Mathematical Physics, 24 (4) \[SCI\]  
     [https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13324-024-00941-y](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13324-024-00941-y)
223. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, <span class="year">(2025)</span> "Generalized Holder Estimates via Generalized Morrey Norms for Kolmogorov Operators", Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, 15 (1) pp. 1-15 \[ESCI\]

## _Other Journal Publications_

1. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P.I. Lizorkin, Generalization of the vector-valued maximal inequality of Rubio de Francia to multiple Fourier series and integrals, Continuum mechanics and related problems of analysis (Tbilisi, <span class="year">1991</span>), 363-368, "Metsniereba" Tbilisi, <span class="year">1992</span>.
2. D.D. Gasanov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kh. Narimanov, Certain inequality for anisotropic B-maximal functions and for anisotropic B-Riesz potentials. Academy of Science of Azerbaijan. Proc. of İnstitute Math. and Mech. Baku. 1996, vol. 4, 18-24.
3. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. Ch. Mustafaev, Inequalities of Sobolev and Poincare type on Heisenberg group. Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Acad. Sci. Azerb. 10 (<span class="year">1999</span>), 36-41.
4. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A. Kh. Narimanov, On the -boundedness of the anisotropic Fourier-Bessel singular integrals. Translated by E. T. Aliyeva. Trans. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 19 (<span class="year">1999</span>), no. 5, Math. Mech., 32_41 (<span class="year">2000</span>).
5. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R.Ch. Mustafaev, Two-weight inequalities for potentials defined on spaces of homogeneous type. Trans. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 21 (<span class="year">2001</span>), no. 1, Math. Mech., 52-67.
6. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. Ch., Mustafaev, On generalized fractional integrals. Trans. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 21 (<span class="year">2001</span>), no. 4, Math. Mech., 63-71.
7. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Z.V. Safarov, -Bessel potentials and certain imbedding theorems in Bk;n-Sobolev-Liouville spaces. Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. 15 (<span class="year">2001</span>), 68-80.
8. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. A. Bandaliev,Weighted imbedding theorems for anisotropic Sobolev spaces. Trans. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 22 (<span class="year">2002</span>), no. 1, Math. Mech., 85-96.
9. V.S. Guliev, Z.V. Safarov, On generalized fractional integrals, associated with the Bessel di_erential expansions. Trans. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 22 (<span class="year">2002</span>), no. 4, Math. Mech., 75-90.
10. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, The fractional maximal function on Chebli-Trimeche hypergroups. Trans. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci., 23 (<span class="year">2003</span>), no. 1, Math. Mech., 51-58.
11. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> , N.N. Garakhanova, Sobolev-Il'in theorems for -Riesz potentials. Transactions of NAS of Azerbaijan, <span class="year">2005</span>, Vol. 25, No. 4, p.25-38.
12. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span> , A.I. Gadjiyev, Two-weighted inequality for Riesz potential, associated with the Bessel differential operator. Science and Pedagogical Trans. University Odlar Yurdu, No. 13(<span class="year">2005</span>), 19-23.
13. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Nazirova, Two-weighted inequalities for some sublinear operators in Lebesgue spaces . Khazar Journal of Mathematics, Vol. 2 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 2, 3-22.
14. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. Ch., Mustafaev, On generalized fractional integrals on spaces of homogeneous type. Khazar Journal of Mathematics, vol. 2 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 2, 49-60.
15. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Polar coordinates in Laguerre hypergroup. Khazar Journal of Mathematics, Vol. 2 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 3, 3-11.
16. V.S.Guliyev, Y.Y.Mammadov, Function spaces and integral operators for the Dunkl operator on the real line. Khazar Journal of Mathematics, vol. 2 (<span class="year">2006</span>), no. 4, 17-42.
17. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.Serbetci, Z.V. Safarov, Nikolskii-Besov spaces associated with the Fourier-Bessel transforms. Trans. of NASA. Embedding theorems. Harmonic analysis. Issue XIII, <span class="year">2007</span>, 194-211.
18. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Y.Y. Mammadov, Some estimations for maximal function, fractional maximal function and Riesz potential, associated with the Dunkl operator on the real line. Transactions of NAS of Azerbaijan, 27 (<span class="year">2007</span>), no. 7, 71-76.
19. V. Burenkov, A. Gogatishvili, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, R. Mustafayev, Boundedness of the fractional maximal operator in local Morrey-type spaces. Preprint, Institute of Mathematics, AS CR, Prague. <span class="year">2008</span>\-7-14, 20 pp
20. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, S.S. Aliyev, Boundedness of sublinear operators and commutators on generalized Morrey spaces, Dokl. Acad. Nauk Azerbaijan, 67 (1) <span class="year">2011</span>, 3-11.
21. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, On the boundedness of anisotropic Riesz potential in anisotropic local Morrey-type spaces, Dokl. Acad. Nauk Azerbaijan, 67 (3) <span class="year">2011</span>, 3-13.
22. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. Shukurov, Boundedness of sublinear operators and commutators generated by Riesz potentials on generalized Morrey spaces, Dokl. Acad. Nauk Azerbaijan, 67 (4) <span class="year">2011</span>, 3-11.
23. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Sh.A. Muradova, Parabolic fractional maximal operator in parabolic local Morrey-type spaces, Transactions of NAS of Azerbaijan, 31 (4) <span class="year">2011</span>, 59-72.
24. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. Shukurov, Adams type result for sublinear operators generated by Riesz potentials on generalized Morrey spaces. Transactions of NAS of Azerbaijan, 32 (1) <span class="year">2012</span>, 61-70.
25. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, T.S. Gadjiev, S.S. Aliyev, Interior estimates in generalized Morrey spaces of solutions to nondivergence elliptic equations with VMO coefficients. Dokl. Acad. Nauk Azerbaijan, 68 (6) <span class="year">2012</span>, 3-10.
26. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K.R. Rahimova, Parabolic fractional maximal operator in parabolic generalized Morrey spaces. Proceedings of IMM of NAS of Azerbaijan, <span class="year">2012</span>, vol. 37 (XLV), pp. 61-76.
27. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Local generalized Morrey spaces and singular integrals with rough kernel. Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, vol. 3, no. 2 (<span class="year">2013</span>), 79-94.
28. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.S. Balakishiyev, Parabolic fractional integral operators with rough kernel in parabolic generalized Morrey spaces. Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. 38 (<span class="year">2013</span>), 47-56.
29. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, P. Shukurov, Commutators of Intrinsic Square Functions on Generalized Morrey Spaces. Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb., vol. 39, <span class="year">2013</span>, 33-46.
30. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K. Rahimova, Parabolic fractional integral operator in modified parabolic Morrey spaces, Proceedings of A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute, 163 (<span class="year">2013</span>), 85-106.
31. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Higher order commutators of vector-valued intrinsic square functions on vector-valued generalized weighted Morrey spaces. Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, vol. 4, no. 2 (<span class="year">2014</span>), 64-85.
32. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Zhijian Wu, Ying Xiao, Morrey type Banach spaces, maximal operator and Fourier multipliers. Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb., Vol. 40, no. 1, <span class="year">2014</span>, 3-13.
33. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, F.A. Isayev, Z.V. Safarov, Two-weighted inequality for admissible singular operators in weighted Lebesgue spaces, Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb., Vol. 40, no. 1, <span class="year">2014</span>, 122-146.
34. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K.R. Rahimova, M.N. Omarova, Commutators of intrinsic square functions on vector-valued generalized Morrey spaces. Trans. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 34 (<span class="year">2014</span>), no. 1, Mathematics and Mechanics, 35-50.
35. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, K. Rahimova, Parabolic fractional integral operator and its commutator on parabolic generalized Morrey spaces, Caspian Journal of Applied Mathematics, Ecology and Economics, 2 (2) (<span class="year">2014</span>), 22-41.
36. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.F. Ismayilova, Marcinkiewicz integral and their commutators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces. Trans. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 34 (<span class="year">2014</span>), no. 4, Mathematics and Mechanics, 53-64.
37. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.F. Ismayilova, Multi-sublinear fractional maximal operator and multilinear fractional integral operators on generalized Morrey spaces. Proceedings of the Institute of Mathematics and Mechanics, vol. 40, <span class="year">2014</span>, no. 2, 22-33.
38. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, A.F. Ismayilova, Multi-sublinear maximal operator and multilinear singular integral operators on generalized Morrey spaces. Proceedings of the Institute of Mathematics and Mechanics, vol. 40, <span class="year">2014</span>, no. 2, 65-77.
39. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Function spaces and integral operators associated with Schrodinger operators: an Overview. Proceedings of the Institute of Mathematics and Mechanics, Special Issue-In memory of M.G. Gasymov on his 75th birthday , vol. 40, <span class="year">2014</span>, 178-202.
40. **Vagif Guliyev**, Elman Ibrahimov, Generalized Gegenbauer shift and some problems of the theory of approximation of functions on the metric of , Trans. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. Ser. Phys.-Tech. Math. Sci. 35 (<span class="year">2015</span>), no. 4, Mathematics and Mechanics, 19-51.
41. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Multilinear singular and fractional integral operators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces. Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, vol. 5, no. 1 (<span class="year">2015</span>), 104-132.
42. A. Eroglu, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, M.N. Omarova, Characterizations for the nonsingular integral operator and its commutators on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, vol. 7, no. 2 (<span class="year">2017</span>), 67-89. (impact factor 0.290)
43. <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, G.A. Abasova, Characterization of parabolic fractional integral and its commutators in parabolic generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces. Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, vol. 8, no. 2 (<span class="year">2018</span>), 1-15. (impact factor 0.290) Scopus
44. A. Eroglu, J.V. Azizov, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Fractional maximal operator and its commutators in generalized Morrey spaces on Heisenberg group, Proc. Inst. Math. Mech. Natl. Acad. Sci. Azerb. 44 (2) (<span class="year">2018</span>),304-317.
45. A. Eroglu, G.A. Abasova, <span class="vagifguliyev">{{fullname}}</span>, Characterization of parabolic fractional integral and its commutators in parabolic generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces, Azerbaijan Journal of Mathematics, vol. 9, no. 1 (<span class="year">2019</span>), 92-107.
