---
title: "PhD & Doctorate Students - Prof. Dr. Vagif S. Guliyev"
---

### <em>20 Ph.D. students</em>

1.  <span>K.R. Rahimova</span>

    Investigations of the boundedness of some class anisotropic operators in the Morrey type spaces.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2016, November 25

    <br />
    <br />

2.  <span>Isayev, F.A</span>

    Investigations two-weighted inequalities for Fourier-Bessel integral operators.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2015, November 27

    <br />
    <br />

3.  <span>Serab Guner</span>

    The singular integral operators related to generalized shift operator in Beppo-Levi spaces.

    TURKEY, Dumlupinar University,2015, June 11

    <br />
    <br />

4.  <span>Cansu Keskin</span>

    The singular integral operators related to generalized shift operator in Beppo-Levi spaces.

    TURKEY, Dumlupinar University,2015, June 11

    <br />
    <br />

5.  <span>Fatih Deringoz</span>

    Boundedness of integral operators of harmonic analysis on generalized Orlicz-Morrey spaces.

    TURKEY, Ahi Evran University, 2015, June 09

    <br />
    <br />

6.  <span>Altinkol Seyda</span>

    Some problems of B-harmonic analysis.

    TURKEY, Akdeniz University, 2014, December 29

    <br />
    <br />

7.  <span>Muradova Sh.A. Study anisotropic</span>

    fractional maximal operator and Riesz potential on anisotropic local Morrey type spaces.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2013, September 27

    <br />
    <br />

8.  <span>Canay Aykol</span>

    Generalized Morrey-Lorentz spaces and the boundedness of the maximal operators in this spaces.

    TURKEY, Ankara Universty, 2013

    <br />
    <br />

9.  <span>Aliyev, S.S.</span>

    Aprior estimates of the elliptic differential equations on the generalized Morrey spaces.

    Institute of Mathematics and Mechanics of Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan, 2012, November 25

    <br />
    <br />

10. <span>Karaman Turhan</span>

    Boundedness of the sublinear operators, generated by Calderon-Zygmund operators on generalized weighted Morrey spaces.

    TURKEY, Ankara Universty, 2012, May 25

    <br />
    <br />

11. <span>Omarova M.N.</span>

    On the properties of the fractional maximal functions and the Riesz potentials on the Laguerre hypergroups.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2010, May 14

    <br />
    <br />

12. <span>Hajiyev A.I.</span>

    Weighted inequalities for integral operators, associated by Bessel differential operators.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2006, June 23

    <br />
    <br />

13. <span>Garakhanova N.N.</span>

    Investigations of the B<sub>k,n</sub> maximal functions and B<sub>k,n</sub> Riesz potentials.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2005, October 17

    <br />
    <br />

14. <span>Abbasova M.M.</span>

    Structural property singular integrals for banach-valued functions.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2005, February 7

    <br />
    <br />

15. <span>Safarov Z.V.</span>

    Some properties of generalized Fourier-Bessel potential type integrals.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2004, April 05

    <br />
    <br />

16. <span>Bandaliyev R.A.</span>

    Imbedding theorems for weighted Sobolev spaces Banach valued functions.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2002, November 26

    <br />
    <br />

17. <span>Narimanov A.K.</span>

    Investigations of the anisotropic Fourier–Bessel singular integrals.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2001, February 7

    <br />
    <br />

18. <span>Maharov I.K.</span>

    The equivalents norms in the Banach-valued Besov spaces.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2000, May 17

    <br />
    <br />

19. <span>Gasanov D.D.</span>

    Anisotrop Bn–potential Riesz and its applications.

    AZERBAIJAN, 1999, June 23

    <br />
    <br />

20. <span>Mustafaev R.Ch.</span>

    Integral operators of potential type on spaces of homogeneous type and their applications to differential equations.

    AZERBAIJAN, 1998, September 16  
    <br />
    <br />

### <em>5 Doctorate students</em>

1.  <span>Bandaliyev R.A.</span>

    Integral operators of harmonic analysis in Banach function spaces and some applications.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2014, December 05

    <br />
    <br />

2.  <span>Yagubov Y.Y.</span>

    Integral operators connected with Dunkel operator and determined in Heisenberg group in functional spaces.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2015, May 22

    <br />
    <br />

3.  <span>Ibrahimov E.C.</span>

    Some aspects of harmonic analysis associated with Gegenbauer differential operator.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2017, September 29

      <br />
      <br />

4.  <span>Hasanov J.J.</span>

    Integral operators of multidimensional harmonic analysis and B- harmonic analysis in generalized Morrey spaces and some applications.

    AZERBAIJAN, 2018, February 02

      <br />
      <br />

5.  <span>Sabir Hasanov</span>

    “Boundedness criteria of the fractional maximal, fractional integral operators and their commutators in Orlicz spaces and in generalized Orlicz-Morri spaces”

    AZERBAIJAN, 2022, March 14
